---
title: "We will not hide them!"
date: 2019-06-23
categories:
- bible
- weekly-treasure
- english
tags:
- bible
- treasure
keywords:
- javascript
- hexo
- disqus
- google
- gravatar
autoThumbnailImage: false
thumbnailImagePosition: "top"
metaAlignment: center
comments: true

---
_We will not hide them from their children, Telling to the generation to come tre prasies of the Lord,
An His strength and His wonderful works that He has done. Psalm 78:4_
<!--more-->

This week I want to share some of the learnings that I got from reading God's word. And this is
about how God gives instructions on sharing His wonderful works to the next generation to make
sure they don't forget how great He is and why we worship, obey and follow Him.

There's no doubt that God continues speaking to His people. On my daily devotional reading I found
something that catched my attention and made me think how God has instructed his people the importance
of keeping His Word and Works in our hearts and in those who will come after us.

In Psalm 78, Asaph is doing a contemplation about God's instructions and how Israel people
should make sure that new generations were aware of God's wonderful works and how God did it
on Israel's liberation from Egypt.

But why, why new generations should keep on their hearts all God's power?. This is an interesting
question that is revealed in the 78th Psalm. First, it was a commandment from God (Psalm 78:5-7).
Second, new generations should set their hope in God and don't forget His works. As part of this
constant reinforcement, a proper and good consequence would come; new generation would be loyal
and faithful to God. It reminds me what is being said by God's word in Proverbs:

_Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.
In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the Lord, and depart from evil.
It shall be health to thy navel, and marrow to thy bones._
**Proverbs 3:5-8 (KJV)**

Today, this keeps being a reminder to us that we need to make sure that our new generations
are aware of God's works. He continues being the same Powerful and Wonderful God. We need
to proclame it everywhere we have influence (home, school, family, work, community, everywhere).

God establishes principles for an abundant life, it's our choice to follow or to ignore them.
There are tremendous blessings on God's grace if we choose to follow Him. Many men and women
experienced God's grace when they decided God as first.

No matter how difficult, evolving and constant troubled world we are,
let's decide for Him an proclame His grace and love. We will not hide God's works and grace.

Some God's men that decided to proclame and keep God's word:

- Noah - Genesis 7
- Joshua - Joshua 24:15
- David - Psalm 78:70-72
- Daniel - Daniel 1:8
